POLICIES

1 Core Officers
1.1 Operations Officer
1.1.1 Shall preside over and conduct all in-game ceremonies and functions.
1.1.2 Shall publish a schedule of group events for their term. It is recommended but not
required that at least one event be scheduled with each subsidiary group per term.
1.1.3 May appoint, or defer to a vote at a general membership meeting, a Rules
Representative.
1.1.4 Is authorized by the Board of Directors to sign any legally binding contract or agreement
with Amtgard International.
1.1.5 May create Committees for purposes of organizing beneficials actions for the kingdom.
1.1.6 Examples may include but are not limited to:
1.1.6.1 Rules Change Committee
1.1.6.2 Corpora Change Committee
1.1.6.3 Community Outreach Committee
1.1.6.4 Fundraising Committee
1.2 Assistant Operations Officer
1.2.1 Responsible for the coronation feast at the end of their term.
1.3 Financial Officer
1.3.1 Is responsible for collection of all fees and duties, including dues.
1.3.2 Will provide receipts for all payments received.
1.3.3 Will maintain accurate records of the group treasury.
1.3.3.1 Will conduct a financial audit, once every calendar year, for each Holding with the
Holdings Chancellor.
1.3.3.2 If approved by majority vote of the BOD may conduct an additional financial audit
if situations require.
1.3.4 Will maintain accurate records of all group income and expenditures.
1.3.5 Will publicly report the kingdom's financial status at least once every 3 months.
1.3.6 Will keep attendance records of all group functions.
1.3.7 Will keep minutes of general membership meetings.
1.5 Board of Directors
1.5.1 Has the authority to veto any action by the group or its officers that would bring the
group into violation of federal, state, or local law.
1.5.2 Has the authority to prohibit any activity by group members that would bring the group
into violation of federal, state, or local law.
1.5.3 Has the authority to change the Registered Agent for the group or to otherwise adjust
corporate information with the Oregon Justice department.
1.5.4 Shall have automatic permission for annual expenditures for maintaining a PO Box, fees
for Incorporation renewal, and to pay any taxes for which the group may be liable.
1.5.5 Before these expenditures can be made the Board of Directors must meet to authorize
them, and they must be made public in the minutes of the meeting in which they are authorized.
1.5.6 May authorize the Operations Officer to sign any legally binding contractor agreement
that does not conflict with the group’s bylaws and policies.
1.5.7 Any exercise of these powers requires only a simple majority vote at a Board of
Directors meeting.

2 Additional Officers
2.1 Safety Officer
2.1.1 Shall be the winner of an open ballot election at the same time as the Operations Officer
and Assistant Operations Officer are selected.
2.1.2 Must be an active dues paid member of at least 18 years of age.
2.1.3 May not also hold any of the following positions: Operations Officer, Assistant
Operations Officer, Financial Officer, Adjudication Chief.
2.1.4 Shall maintain a lost and found for the group.
2.1.5 Will check all play equipment for safety and legality.
2.1.6 Will organize games as necessary in the absence of previously scheduled games.
2.1.7 Shall relinquish the position if they miss more than two group functions in a row or more
than three group functions total over the course of their six-month term.
2.1.8 If, for whatever reason, the position of Safety Officer is vacated, the Operations Officer
may appoint a replacement.
2.2 Adjudication Chief
2.2.1 Shall be responsible for ensuring that game rules are enforced fairly on the field.
2.2.2 Shall work with the Safety Officer in checking play equipment for safety and legality.
2.2.3 Will make sure there are an appropriate number of referees at all group games, and
ensure that conduct of referees is competent and fair.
2.2.4 Will be the Operation's Officer advisor on the rules.
2.2.5 Is responsible for creating and administering tests to qualify as a referee.
2.3 Quartermaster
2.3.1 Will be appointed by the joint agreement of the Operations Officer and theTreasurer.
2.3.2 Is responsible for holding onto and maintaining the property of the organization.
2.3.3 Upon appointment they will sign a contract which outlines the responsibilities,
expectations, what they should do if they should vacate their position and their understanding of
the financial liability of maintaining the organization's property.
2.3.4 Also known as Property Manager.
2.3.4.1 Property does not include the files which are maintained by the Treasurer.
2.3.4.2 Maintain a list of all property that the organization owns and who is in possession
of said property.
2.3.4.3 Maintain a safe location for all property that is not checked out to other persons.
2.3.4.4 Report to the Operations Officer and Treasurer any missing or damaged
equipment.
2.3.4.5 Is responsible for transporting or making arrangements for transport of property
to requested organization events.
2.3.4.6 Maintain the trailer, keeping it in a working order
2.3.4.7 Maintain a worklog on any maintenance
2.3.4.8 Maintain a travel checklist to ensure safety before and during travel.

3 Polls
3.1 Group officers may run informational polls at their discretion in order to determine how best
to serve the group.
3.2 These are not votes.
3.2.1 They do not have the authority granted to votes at general membership meetings.
3.2.2 They do not have any authority beyond advising group officers how to exercise the
powers already granted to them.
3.3 Group officers may run them at their discretion, including or excluding inactive members,
non dues paid members, non-members, or any other persons whose opinion they are interested
in targeting.

4 Expenditures
4.1 Certain officers are empowered by the bylaws to make expenditures from the group
treasury.
4.2 Such expenditures must be tracked in the group's financial records and appropriate receipts
must be provided.
4.3 Such expenditures must be publicly announced to the group's membership within two weeks
of the date of the withdrawal of funds.
4.4 No officer has the authority to make any use of the group treasury unless explicitly granted
such authority by the bylaws, and only to the extent granted to them by the bylaws.

5 Referees
5.1 Must have passed a qualifying test administered by the Adjudication Chief with a score of
75% or better within the past six months.
5.2 Have unlimited authority over the conduct of gameplay, subject only to overrule by the
Adjudication Chief.
5.3 Shall use this authority to ensure that games are:
5.3.1 Safe to all participants and bystanders.
5.3.2 Played honestly and in keeping with the spirit of the game rules.

6 Rules Representative
6.1 Must be an active member of the group.
6.2 Responsible for collecting, collating, and reporting the group's wishes with respect to the
Rules Revision Process.

7 Membership
7.1 The Amtgard Code of Conduct as established in the rules of play and the Circle of Monarchs
bylaws should be used as the policy to guide when it is appropriate for group officers to exercise
their authority to suspend members.
7.2 Any indefinite suspension of a member will be reported to the Amtgard Circle of Monarchs.

8 General Membership Meetings
8.1 Anyone may attend a general membership meeting unless specifically barred.
8.2 Rules of order may be set by the Operations Officer. If so,their enforcement shall be the
responsibility of the Safety Officer.
8.3 Any business brought before a general membership meeting to be discussed prior to a vote
at the next meeting, must be presented in written form in the same wording intended to be used
at the vote.
8.4 A vote of active members may order the Rules Representative to submit a clarification or
revision to the Rules Revision Process.
8.5 Any proposed changes to the group bylaws or policies must come as either a request to
Add, Delete or Modify a specific section of the bylaws or policies, and must include the
following:
8.5.1 The line number of the item to be added, removed or modified.
8.5.2 The current text as written.
8.5.3 The proposed text addition, deletion, or modification.

9 Election Cycle
9.1 Crown Qualifications
9.1.1 This event shall be held within the first or second week of February and August.
9.1.2 This event will be the responsibility of the Financial Officer
9.1.3 This person is referred to as the "sponsor".
9.1.4 Anyone may enter the Crown Qualification event.
9.1.5 Those running for an office will be required to enter a minimum specified number of
Crown Qualification cultural events, as set by the sponsor. (If no requirement is set, the
requirement defaults to the requirement used in the previous Crown Qualifications.)
9.1.6 Multiple entries are allowed in a contest, but a single entry may not be entered in more
than one contest.
9.1.7 Typical cultural skill contests include (but are NOT limited to): flat art, 3D art, heraldry,
singing, instrumental music, factual writing, composition, weapon and shield construction,
passive construction, court garb, fighting garb, strategic gaming, poetry, brewing and
wine-making, etc.
9.1.8 Specific rules for these qualifications shall be put out by the sponsor at least six weeks
prior to the date set for Crown Qualifications.
9.1.9 Those running for office must also pass a Reeve's test.
9.1.10 Those running for office must also pass a Corpora test.
9.2 Champion's Tournament
9.2.1 Shall be held on the same day as elections for Operations Officer and Assistant
Operations Officer.
9.2.2 Only those who qualified for office at the Crown Qualifications to be eligible to run for
Safety Officer may participate in the Champion's Tournament.
9.2.3 The Champion's Tournament shall be a double-elimination open weapon tournament.

10 Subsidiary Groups
10.1 Policies of the main group shall have precedence over policies of the subsidiary groups;
subsidiary groups may not overrule policies set by a vote of active members at a general
membership meeting.
10.2 Policies applicable to subsidiary groups shall not apply to independent subsidiary groups
except where explicitly stated to.
10.3 Are entitled to the use of the group's non-profit numbers for requests deemed reasonable
by the Board of Directors.

11 Events
11.1 Referees responsible for a tournament of any kind shall:
11.1.1 Report the overall winner to the Financial Officer.
11.1.2 Report the winner, second place, and third place of each category to the Financial
Officer.
11.2 In addition, referees responsible for a combat tournament shall report any win streaks of 3
or more to the Financial Officer.
11.3 Autocrats for all group-funded events will be responsible for the following:
11.3.1 Providing a copy of all sign-in sheets, which shall include the real name, character
name, and attendance fees paid, for all attendees.
11.3.2 Providing receipts for all expenses.
11.3.3 Providing records for all income.
11.3.4 Providing all applicable tournament results and other gameplay related information of
long-term importance.
11.4 Official Sponsored Annual Events
11.4.1 Certain annually held, group-funded campout events shall enjoy official group
sponsorship and be subject to specific group policies to be outlined in this subsection.
11.4.2 Each such event shall have its funds maintained separately from all other group funds,
in a separate bank account used solely for that purpose.
11.4.3 Those funds are not to be used for any group function, or any purpose, other than the
specific event to which they are dedicated.
11.4.4 The Paypal account for the event, if one exists, will be linked to the event fund bank
account and no other account, personal or otherwise.
11.4.5 Each event shall have a specified minimum balance which its funds are to maintain. If
its fund's balance falls below that minimum, then profits realized by the event will be returned to
that fund as necessary to bring it back to that minimum.
11.4.6 If profits realized by the event exceed the amount necessary to bring its fund back to its
minimum balance, then any excess may be split between the event fund and the group's
general treasury. How to split profits is left to a vote between the Operations Officer, Assistant
Operations Officer, Financial Officer and Safety Officer, and their decision must be ratified by a
majority vote of active members at a general membership meeting.
11.4.7 In the event that such a ratification cannot be accomplished, the default shall be to
transfer all excess profit to the kingdom general fund.
11.4.8 Such events will be run by the winners of a bidding process.
11.4.8.1 Any member of the group may submit a bid.
11.4.8.2 The Board of Directors have authority to set the administrative procedures of
the bidding process in any way that does not conflict with the group bylaws and policies.
11.4.8.3 Winners of the bidding process should be determined by joint agreement of the
Board of Directors.
11.4.8.4 In the event no bid can achieve a plurality of approval between these four
officers, the President shall have final choice.
11.4.8.5 In the event there were no bidders the person who will run the event will be
determined by joint agreement of the Board of Directors (with the President having
authority to break any tie).
11.4.9 All expenditures for the event that can be paid for via check will be paid for by check(s)
made out to the specific business(es) for services, goods, and fees outlined in the event bid. In
addition to physical checks, this also allows for e-checks and invoices issued by the Treasurer
through PayPal.
11.4.10 Additional expenses for the event such as supplies, feast, prizes, etc. that cannot be
paid for via check will be handled by those funds being disbursed to the event runner. The event
runner will need to sign a fiduciary contract for these funds, obligating them to be financially
responsible for any funds that cannot be accounted for via receipts and change. This amount
should never exceed the amount listed on the event runners bid and any changes need to follow
procedure.
11.4.11 The member running the event shall be legally responsible for the income and
expenditures of the event and may be held liable for repayment if a discrepancy is found in the
event's financial records.
11.4.12 All such events will be insured. The member running the event is responsible for
providing proof of the event's insurance to the Board of Directors.
11.4.13 Changes to this subsection and all subsections thereof may only be made by a
super-majority vote of 2/3 of the active members voting.
11.4.14 Event Bid Procedures
11.4.14.1 All bids and proposals must include the following information: Site, Crat Team,
Projected Attendance, Budget, Feast, Warskill Events, Arts & Sciences Events, and
Gate Schedule.
11.4.14.1.1 Site: Any site proposal should be able to handle the scope of a large-scale
Amtgard event, to include fighting events, arts and sciences events, and feast. If modern
conveniences are not available at the site, then the proposal should include plans for
potable water, bathroom facilities, and kitchen facilities.
11.4.14.1.2 Crat team: The following positions for handling event duties are mandatory:
Autocrat, Gate-crat, Guard-crat, War-crat, and Trashcrat/Clean-up Crew. Additional
optional positions that may be included in the proposal are recommended but not
required.
11.4.14.1.2.1 Autocrat (Co-Autocrat): Responsible for overseeing all event
functions and for interfacing with the Operations Officer and/or BoD. Must be a
member of BlackSpire for at least 6mo by the date the bid is submitted
11.4.14.1.2.2 Gate-crat: Responsible for collecting fees, maintaining entrance
records, and setting and maintaining personnel for gate shifts.
11.4.14.1.2.3 Guard-crat: Responsible for setting and maintaining event security
and handling issues that impact the safety and security of attendants.
11.4.14.1.2.4 War-crat: Responsible for hosting battlegames and tournaments
during the course of the event. Responsible for securing reeves for the
battlegames and tournaments. Responsible for ensuring water and cups are
available at battlegames and tournaments.
11.4.14.1.2.5 Trash-crat/Clean-up Crew: Responsible for collecting trash from the
various camp areas and providing trash bags to the camping areas. Responsible
for ensuring that the bathrooms are stocked with supplies. Shall assist the
various crats in cleaning up their areas.
11.4.14.1.3 The following positions are optional: Feast-crat, Medcrat/team, A&S-crat.
11.4.14.1.3.1 Feast-crat: Responsible for hosting and providing a feast on the
Saturday night of the event. A proposal for the feast should include a menu, a list
of supplies required (cooking vessels, serving utensils, etc.), and a plan for staff
and support(cooks, servers, cleanup crew, etc.). If other meals are planned by
groups, they should be mentioned in the bid including if the meals are donated or
offered on a purchase basis. This also includes any food vendors who may wish
to attend the event.
11.4.14.1.3.2 Med-crat/team: Responsible for setting and maintaining a medical
pavilion for minor injuries and issues. Responsible for having a direct line to
mundania if more serious medical issues arise. Head medical person(s) must be
a certified medical professional and copies of certification/licensure must be filed
with the Blackspire BOD. Event Crat will decide what level of
certification/licensure is required based on the event.
11.4.14.1.3.3 A&S-crat: Responsible for organizing and hosting arts and sciences
events, such as ithras, classes, competitions, tournaments, stitch-ins, etc. This
position may be filled or delegated by the Blackspire Assistant Operations Officer.
The Kingdom of Blackspire wants to promote arts and sciences events for
attendees who do not participate in warskill events. All bids and proposals should
include a list and schedule of Amtgard-centric A&S events. These should be
relevant to the period Amtgard portrays as a medieval-and fantasy-based game.
Appropriate A&S events include, but are not limited to: ithras, classes, forums,
demonstrations, competitions, and bardics. Proposals should include a budget
and supply list for items required to make A&S events run smoothly. A list of
necessary personnel positions should be identified.
11.4.14.1.4 Attendance: Proposals should start with a minimum expected attendance.
Proposals must include a plan for gate vouchers/waivers for expected Kingdom
Monarchs and Kingdom Regents likely to attend. Proposals should also include a plan
for promoting attendance.
1.4.14.1.5 Budget: All bids and proposals must provide a budget and delineate
expected costs. The budget needs to provide a breakdown of costs, including but not
limited to: site rental, food, additional amenities, expenditures for promoting warskill and
A&S events, and prize support. The budget should also include proposed gate fees and
repayment schedule of all Blackspire monies used. Autocrats may be asked to sign and
file a fiduciary agreement before funds will be released.
11.4.14.1.6 Warskill:All proposals should include multiple warskill events for, at
minimum, Saturday of the event. PacWar should have multiple events over multiple
days. All proposals should include a full schedule of tournaments and battlegames to be
hosted over the course of the event. Proposals should include a budget and supply list
for items required to make games and tournaments run smoothly. A list of necessary
personnel positions, to include team captains and reeves, should be identified.
11.4.14.1.7 Gate: All bids and proposals should include a tentative schedule for gate
shifts, rules and regulations for gate personnel, and a proposed supply list of items
required to run Gate. If no supplies are needed, that should be noted in the proposal.
11.4.14.1.8 Additional Support: Proposals may include event favors,cups, T-shirts, or
other memorabilia.
11.4.14.2 A financial breakdown must be provided in the proposed budget.
11.4.14.3 Bids for Blackspire events are submitted to the Operations Officer.
11.5 PacWar
11.5.1 PacWar is an officially sponsored group campout event governed by the policies of the
subsection
11.4 11.5.2 A minimum balance of $4000 shall be maintained in the PacWar account.
11.5.3 The PacWar autocrat will have access to a $100 cash fund for small necessary
purchases. Receipts need to be obtained for all purchases with this fund and provided to the
Financial Officer within one week from the end of the event.
11.5.4 The bidding process for PacWar will be open from October 2nd and end on November 2nd. The group
officers will review the bids and announce their decision of who won the bidding process by November 14th.
11.5.5 Changes to this subsection and all subsections thereof may only be made by a
super-majority vote of 2/3 of the active members voting.
11.6 Winterbash
11.6.1 Winterbash is an officially sponsored group campout event governed by the policies of
subsection 11.4
11.6.2 A minimum balance of $3500 shall be maintained in the Winterbash account.
11.6.3 The fund held in reserve for Winterbash must first be used to secure the site before it
may be used on any other expense for the event.
11.6.4 The bidding process for Winterbash will be open from March 1st and end on April 1st.
The group officers will review the bids and will announce their decision of who won the bidding
process by May1st.
11.6.6 Changes to this subsection and all subsections thereof may only be made by a
super-majority vote of 2/3 of the active members voting.

12 Trailer Policy
12.1 Operations Officer, Treasurer and Property Manager will each have a key to the trailer.
12.2 Maintenance
12.2.1 Maintenance will be the responsibility of the Property Manager.
12.2.2 They will make a report to the membership at a General Meeting when there is needed
maintenance and request an estimated amount of money to fix it.
12.2.2.1 If the Operation Officer chooses to donate the cost of parts to the kingdom they
do not need to approach a General Meeting.
12.2.3 Once fixed they will provide the appropriate receipts to the Treasurer and return any
unspent money.

13 Miscellaneous
13.1 Infraction Sheet
13.1.1 For previous offenses against the group please the Infraction Sheet.
13.1.2 The Infraction Sheet will include real name,character name at time of the infraction,
offense, punishment meted, and other notes such as how often the issue may be revisited, or if
the punishment has been altered between the date first issued to the present day.
13.2 All current Blackspire monarchy and all current members of the Board of Directors will be
moderators on official forms of communication. Clarification: The Monarch would still be in
charge of how these moderators were utilized.

14 Non-Retaliation Policies
14.1 Introduction
14.1.1 The Board of Directors of the Kingdom of Blackspire is committed to conducting its
affairs honestly, ethically and in compliance with local, state, and federal rules and regulations.
14.2 Reporting Responsibility
14.2.1 It is the responsibility of all members of the Kingdom of Blackspire to report
violations or suspected violations of laws, regulations, or policies, mundane or otherwise.
Attempts to resolve any such concerns normally should be made by contacting the
appropriate local park official, or if necessary, the appropriate Kingdom official. Reports
also may be made to relevant external entities or governmental agencies responsible for
the enforcement of laws containing non-retaliation provisions.
14.3 No Retaliation
14.3.1 Retaliation against a member of the Amtgard community for making a good faith report
of potential Amtgard-related policy violations or local, state, or federal law is prohibited and will
not be tolerated. The BOD will review complaints of retaliation and any attempted or actual
retaliatory action may subject the violator to disciplinary action. Members of the Amtgard
community who believe that they have been retaliated against in violation of this policy may
submit a written or oral complaint to local park or Kingdom officials, who may refer the complaint
to the BOD for review and disposition.
14.4 Acting in Good Faith
14.4.1 Members of the Amtgard community are encouraged to report good faith concerns
about violations of laws, regulations, or policies, mundane or otherwise. Reports that are
knowingly false, made with malicious intent, or with reckless disregard for or willful ignorance of
facts that would disprove the allegation made are not good faith reports, are prohibited by this
policy, and may subject the violator to disciplinary action.

15 Gate Procedures
15.1 By the week before the event, the autocrat or their designee will obtain the gate supplies.
15.1.1 Anyone that is working a gate shift should be sober in order to handle and be
responsible for Kingdom funds. In addition, no one working a scheduled gate shift should be
actively consuming alcohol.
15.2 The Gate-crat will set up the cash drawer with the startup monies and select one person
per shift to be in charge of the money.
15.2.1 The cash handler will verify the startup funds and be held accountable for any
discrepancy in funds at close of their shift.
15.2.2 Cash handler will set up the sign in sheet.
15.3 As people arrive, sign people in one person at a time.
15.3.1 Cash handler will collect the admittance fee and give any change due.
15.3.1.1 Unless waived by Corpora or Operations Officer’s instruction, i.e. visiting
Kingdom Officers
15.3.2 Second person on shift will verify the person’s age, put on the appropriate wristband,
and give out any handouts, favors, and additional paperwork.
15.4 At the close of the shift, the cash handler will reset the cash drawer with the start-up
money. 15.5 At shift change, the oncoming cash handler will verify the funds in the cash drawer
and take over the signing-in of people using a new sign-in sheet.
15.6 The cash handler going off shift will total the number of people who signed in and count the
monies received that shift.
15.7 Cash handler will obtain a tamper-resistant cash envelope and place the money inside.
15.8 The person going off shift will take possession of all filled out sign-in sheets and the sealed
cash bag from that shift to either the Autocrat, Gate-Crat, Treasurer, or Financial Officer as
directed.
15.9 The Gate-crat will reconcile the gate money with the Autocrat at gate closing.
15.10 Any monies generated through fundraising (including but not limited to auction, donation,
etc.) will be held by the Autocrat or their designee until event reconciliation.
15.11 Prior to the next BOD meeting, the autocrat will meet with the BOD Treasurer to reconcile
the event, matching up sign-ins to the gate receipts, verifying the gate startup funds are correct,
and turn in any unspent monies and all receipts. If there are more receipts than the fronted
monies, these will be approved by the approving authority.
15.12 The BOD Treasurer or Financial Officer will report to the BOD on the event, stating
whether the event turned a profit, lost money, or broke even.The event sign-in sheets will be
turned over to the Financial Officer for appropriate disposition.
15.13 The BOD Treasurer or Financial Officer will deposit all the funds into the Kingdom bank
account as soon as possible.
15.14 If any of the above-mentioned parties are not at the event, their duties will be given
temporarily to one of the BOD members.